hello again this is mario from njm auto
services and our newest vehicles of 2002
outtie 843 leader quattro with a
six-speed and the audi is just gorgeous
to look at as you can see the pictures
look very nice the paint is practically
brand new barely any scratches at all a
couple couple small scratches on the
rear bumper nothing to be concerned
about have too much to say about the
outside it's in very very nice shape
17-inch alloy wheels
tires have about seventy five eighty
percent tread remaining Quattro
all-wheel drive little dusty from
sitting outside for a couple days
interior is gorgeous shape to a power
heated leather seats
6-speed gearbox dual zone digital climb
control ice cold air conditioning
heated seats
see the Sun up is fully functional is
not leave headliner is in excellent
repair seats beautiful condition you see
very nice gauges
and audi has the auto arm and auto down
features on both the front window let's
take this one for a ride
you
clucks gage is very smoothly
see that she's very smoothly no problems
with the clutch
kids up to speed performing it drives
like you would think it had 40 50
thousand mile
whoever drove it must have driven many
many highway miles
I have my hands off the steering wheel
let's try to completely straight there's
absolutely no wheel shape as you can see
just heat get six here
now up to 65 miles
breaks you very tight enough whole
scenes
check that all the lights they all work
if any further questions please give me
a call at one eight six six six four one
one mjm thank you